{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title simple format switch}{\subject subject text}{\author Cynthia Johnson}{\keywords keywords text}{\doccomm comments text}{\operator Cynthia Johnson}{\creatim\yr2003\mo9\dy21\hr12\min48}{\revtim\yr2003\mo9\dy21\hr13\min13}{\version6}{\edmins14}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords573}{\nofchars4590}{\*\manager manager text}{\*\company company text}{\*\category category text}{\nofcharsws5334}{\vern16411}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale125\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { AUTHOR  \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{(author, no  switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { AUTHOR \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 CYNTHIA JOHNSON}}}{ (author, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { AUTHOR \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 cynthia johnson}}}{ (author, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { AUTHOR \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{ (author, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { AUTHOR \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{  (author, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { COMMENTS \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 COMMENTS TEXT}}}{ (comments, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { COMMENTS \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 comments text}}}{ (comments, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { COMMENTS \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Comments text}}}{ (comments, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { COMMENTS \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Comments Text}}}{  (comments, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { FILENAME \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 FIELDS_SIMPLE_FORMAT_SWITCH.RTF}}}{ (filename, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { FILENAME \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 fields_simple_format_switch.rtf}}}{ (filename, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { FILENAME \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Fields_simple_format_switch.rtf}}}{ (filename, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { FILENAME \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Fields_Simple_Format_Switch.Rtf}}}{  (filename, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INCLUDETEXT \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Filename not specified.}}}{ (includetext, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INCLUDETEXT \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Filename not specified.}}}{ (includetext, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INCLUDETEXT \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Filename not specified.}}}{ (includetext, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INCLUDETEXT \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Filename not specified.}}}{  (includetext, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INFO \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Unknown info keyword.}}}{ (info, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INFO \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Unknown info keyword.}}}{ (info, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INFO \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Unknown info keyword.}}}{ (info, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { INFO \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! Unknown info keyword.}}}{  (info, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { KEYWORDS \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 KEYWORDS TEXT}}}{ (keywords, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { KEYWORDS \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 keywords text}}}{ (keywords, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { KEYWORDS \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Keywords text}}}{ (keywords, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { KEYWORDS \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Keywords Text}}}{  (keywords, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { LASTSAVEDBY \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 CYNTHIA JOHNSON}}}{ (lastsavedby, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { LASTSAVEDBY \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 cynthia johnson}}}{ (lastsavedby, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { LASTSAVEDBY \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{ (lastsavedby, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { LASTSAVEDBY \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{  (lastsavedby, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { REF \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! No bookmark name given.}}}{ (ref, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { REF \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! No bookmark name given.}}}{ (ref, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { REF \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{ (ref, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { REF \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\b Error! No bookmark name given.}}}{  (ref, title case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { SUBJECT \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 SUBJECT TEXT}}}{ (subject, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { SUBJECT \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 subject text}}}{ (subject, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { SUBJECT \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Subject text}}}{ (subject, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { SUBJECT \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Subject Text}}}{  (subject, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TEMPLATE \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 NORMAL}}}{ (template, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TEMPLATE \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 normal}}}{ (template, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TEMPLATE \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Normal}}}{ (template, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TEMPLATE \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Normal}}}{  (template, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TITLE \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 SIMPLE FORMAT}{ SWITCH}}}{ (title, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TITLE \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 simple format}{ switch}}}{ (title, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TITLE \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Simple format}{ switch}}}{ (title, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { TITLE \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Simple Format}{ Switch}}}{  (title, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERADDRESS \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt }}{ (author, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERADDRESS \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt }}{ (useraddress, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERADDRESS \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt }}{ (useraddress, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERADDRESS \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt }}{  (useraddress, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERINITIALS \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 CJ}}}{ (userinitials, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERINITIALS \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 cj}}}{ (userinitials, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERINITIALS \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 CJ}}}{ (userinitials, first cap switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERINITIALS \\* Caps \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cj}}}{  (userinitials, title case switch):text\par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERNAME \\* Upper \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 CYNTHIA JOHNSON}}}{ (username, upper case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERNAME \\* Lower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 cynthia johnson}}}{ (username, lower case switch):text\par \par Text:}{\field{\*\fldinst { USERNAME \\* FirstCap \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 Cynthia Johnson}}}{ (username, first cap switch):text\par \par \par }}