{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\f0\fs24 Lemon Shark Adoption Report\par
\pard\qj\f1\par
\pard\sa120\qj\f0 While I cannot report new data from our adopted sharks, I can tell you that the research season  of 1998- 1999 has been characterized by expansion and productivity for the Bimini Biological Field Station.   The present tagging study began in 1995 when we became interested in the population genetics of our juvenile lemon sharks at Bimini.  We actually made a preliminary attempt to collect and mark all the juvenile lemon sharks in Bimini Lagoon a decade ago.  At that time, we were excited about a new kind of electronic identity device called a PIT ( passive integrated transponder) microtag.  In the 1990 preliminary study we found that the standard metal dart-tag we had used since the early \lquote 80s adversely affected our little sharks causing morbidity and a 10% drop in growth.  In contrast, the rice-grain sized, glass encapsulated PIT tags, which we inject, just below the dorsal fin, apparently caused no harm to the sharks whatsoever.\par
\par
So to re-evaluate our growth and survival data from the \lquote 80s, we captured 94 small lemon sharks in May of 1990 and fitted them all with PIT tags, measuring their length, weighing them and recording their gender.  After a year we returned to the same nursery in Bimini lagoon and repeated the procedure.  Analysis of the results suggested that in their first year of life, over 60% of the baby lemon sharks died of natural causes.  While this was the first such study for any shark where survival rates were directly assessed, we were not really satisfied with the results.\par
Because Bimini is so isolated from any other suitable nursery grounds we reasoned that lemon sharks born into the lagoon were stuck there for some time.  If true, we reckoned that it might be possible, with a concerted effort over several years, to catch and mark every single lemon shark in the nursery.  And if successful, we could really get a handle on their early life history.\par
Between the 1990 preliminary study and 1995 when we began the full project, the technique of population genetics began to be applied to sharks.  Methods were being developed to identify individual sharks by their genetic signatures.  But curiously, geneticists were finding sharks especially difficult to analyze.  It appears that the evolutionary rate of cartilaginous  fishes is much slower than that of other vertebrates.  Consequently their genetic diversity is low, which has hampered progress in figuring out how to study the population genetics of sharks.  Nevertheless, from 1995 on, we took DNA samples from every single shark we caught.  We figured that eventually the technical problems might be solved and we would have a unique and complete set of samples, ready to be analyzed.  Little did we know back then that our group would tackle and eventually solve the problem!  Here\rquote s how it went:\par
In 1997, I teamed up with a young, bright genetics professor, Dr. Mary Ashley from the University of Illinois.  Our areas of expertise complemented each other and we were both really excited about the possibility of collaboration.  Actually it was Mary\rquote s doctoral student, Kevin Feldheim, a true shark fanatic, who brought us together.  Kevin e-mailed me in 1996 explaining that he wanted to write his doctoral dissertation on the population genetics of juvenile lemon sharks at Bimini.  I was delighted because this was just what I was looking for!  When the dust settled. Kevin had spent the summer of 1996 as Principal Investigator of our Earthwatch project while Mary and I submitted a proposal to the US National Science Foundation which was funded for three years starting in August of 1997.  \par
It seems that my speculative decision to collect DNA samples back in 1995 was going to pay off handsomely.  But first. Kevin and Mary would spend nearly 20 frustrating months developing the analytical tools for genetic fingerprinting of lemon sharks.\par
They chose two techniques called microsatellite and mitochondrial DNA analysis.  After many hundreds of experiments, they finally succeeded in isolating a portion of the genome with enough variation to identify individual sharks\'85. Which brings us back to the question of adoption.  \par
Remember, back in 1991 we found that only 4 in 10 baby lemon sharks survive the rigors of their first year.  This finding relates to the second objective of the 1995-1999 study; namely, assessing the population dynamics of our baby lemon sharks.  Population dynamics deals with ecological factors controlling the numbers of individuals in a population.  My co-investigators, Dr. John Hoenig of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science and Jean DeMarigiac of the Moss Landing Marine Lab have just completed the first analysis of the recapture data of the 1000 + lemon sharks we have looked at since 1995.  Results strongly support and confirm our finding from a decade ago that over 60% of the lemon sharks born in the Bimini nursery succumb in their first year of life.  This finding truly represents the first-ever hard data on the survival rate of any shark species.  And it was during these studies that we captured the sharks put up for adoption.\par
Over the 5 year life of the project, we tagged about 100 new born sharks each year.  But of these only 35-40 can be expected to survive.  It is this relatively low survival rate that keeps the population of 1 to 3 year olds stable, hovering at around 100 individuals.  The highest numbers occur in the spring (ca. 200) when the new cohort of babies is born.  And that is why, after 5 years of tagging almost every shark we catch--up to 98% of the 1 to 3 year olds carry our PIT tags.  However, the probability of any single individual surviving for 4 years is not that great.  Of course it must be like this or the lemon sharks would fill up the lagoon in a few years and quickly starve to death!  Likewise, this is why we can \i not\i0  report here on the 4 individual lemon sharks that have been adopted:  They either died, migrated or we simply didn\rquote t catch them.\par
Here then is a brief summary of our catch and recapture information over the period 1995-1999.   In 1995, the first year of the study, we caught 189 lemon sharks; 96 male and 93 female.  Of these 84 carried our PIT tags from incidental research in previous years.  1996 was an unusual year: we only caught 146 sharks but the tag rate climbed to 110.  However 1997 was our most productive year. We captured 198 sharks of which 132 were previously tagged.  In 1998 the catch again dropped to 178 sharks but this year  it rose to 189.  By this time nearly all the sharks one year and older carried PIT tags.\par
While there seems to be an oscillation between even and odd years, the population is stable within about 25% from year to year.  The variation probably reflects the fact that a few more females use the lagoon in the odd years\par
We plan to continue the work far into the future.  The more years we work, the more we will learn.  It is sort of like getting compound interest from your bank  The years increases arithmetically while the amount of information increases geometrically!\par
At the beginning of this report I mentioned that we are in a year of expansion.  Starting in August of 1998 we began research cruises to the Marquesas Keys, SW of Key West Florida and in March of 1999 at Atol das Rocas about 200 km east of the city of Natal on bulge of Brazil. Under a grant from the US National  Science Foundation we have embarked on a project to compare and contrast the population dynamics and genetics of the lemon sharks at the nurseries of these three sites: Bimini, Marquesas and Atol das Rocas.\par
Last year in the Marquesas we captured 57 juveniles whose average size was nearly 10% bigger than their cousins at Bimini.  In March of 1999 we captured and tagged 35 baby lemon sharks at Atol das Rocas and these were a little bigger than their conspecifics at Bimini.  As I write this report, we are anchored 2 km SW of the lagoon at Marquesas Wildlife Refuge.  In three nights of fishing, we captured 28 juveniles and found that their growth was much faster than the Bimini sharks.\par
In future reports, I will tell you of the important new findings that our young lemon sharks are providing for us and hope that we will see your adopted youngsters again.\par
Samuel H. Gruber \par
At sea in the Marquesas Keys Florida \par
8/24/99\par
}
 